The Joe Rogan experience. So speaking of Colts,
I was just thinking about this because I ended up on a cult kind of like
accidentally, I didn't have a place to stay. No,
I was talking to Sam Harris yesterday and we were talking about all of his time.
I didn't know that he spent like 10 years as like a wandering hippie.
I had no idea. Yeah. And, um, India. And so I was like,
you know how a lot of people don't get out.
And when I was traveling for two years around the world,
I ended up on a lot of ashrams and one of them was an OSHA ashram,
which was that.
Yeah.
Really. So I came into my room, I wrote a whole piece about it from mal mag.
Is leaking out of your body. And.
So I walked into my here, I walked into my roommate,
Samantha Shahi who's amazing was watching the documentary and there was this
like exercise where they dance and you go, who, who, who, who,
and it's the meditation that they made up. And I'm like, oh, I've done that.
And they're naked. And she's like a course. You've done this, Bridget.
And I sat down, I'm like, oh my God, this is it. Wasn't OSHA.
Cause he's obviously dead. But it was his lineage and it was, it was wild.
It was, I was there for like three weeks. <laugh>.
Wow. But was documentary, give your name, great.
New name. Uh, Sarita. Pre Sarita's. It means river of love.
Oh yeah. But he called as gum bag. Did he? Why?
Because they break you down in front of people and you, you know me,
I couldn't stop laughing. And so he was like, you are a scumbag.
Wait a minute. Who is, is this guy you gotta explain.
To me, he looks like.
A guru. Like, like how it got a beard, like long hair.
He was tan. He said that he was 80,
but it came out that he was actually 60 <laugh>.
So it's like, look how good I look.
And he's like, look at the shape I'm in from being here and eating,
cuz they want you to stay.
And he was trying to like break me down psychologically.
But I think my brain is like too dirty to be washed. I just.
Don't think that's a great way of putting it. I.
Don't think that it, it is capable. And so he was like,
you are a scumbag out there. You don't have work. And I was like,
actually you're pretty right. And he is like, say it, say you are a scumbag.
And I had to yell, I am a scumbag in front of this whole group of strangers.
That's.
So funny. That's so funny. It was wild.
So this guy who was breaking down, was he socially inept? Like,
was it an awkward breakdown? No. No, you didn't. You didn't buy into it.
You just sort of went around with it for fun. I mean.
I'm very curious. Right? So I like, I think the writer and me,
and we talked about this last time, just that the, when I was like the,
the third and the open marriage.
So I remember vividly sitting just on their couch and being like, ah,
should I do this? It's so weird. But then, but it's such a great story.
<laugh> and same,
this whole thing happened because I was with the Sydney trust fund baby.
And he needed somebody to drive up to Byron bay with him. And I he's like, oh,
it's no problem. You'll find a place to stay. And there was nowhere to stay.
And he was off on boys' week in Byron bay during like Christmas.
I knew no speaking of knowing nobody,
I went to Australia on a one way ticket and knew nobody. And so I was like, I'm.
One way ticket. <laugh> God, that's such a crazy move. How old were you? 28?
No, I was 30, 33. I called it 33. Yeah. And so 33.
Yeah. I just went, it was, uh, I had been in LA kind of grinding and I,
and I was like, if I don't travel now I I'm. One.
Way ticket is a wild move. I.
Do it a lot. Really a lot. Yeah. A lot. I'm kind of,
so you have to figure out how.
To get back, but imagine if COVID broke out right. When you landed.
Australia, I suck. I was stuck in, in, um, India was seven.
I had to have somebody like buy me a ticket out that, that time an ex-boyfriend.
Thank you, Casey.
Oh, wow. Shout out to Casey.
<Laugh> shout out to Casey. Well, that's nice that he did that.
Getting me outta.
India. What did they do before? Like in the old days.
India's basically like the old days when you travel there.
You know what I mean? If like you needed a ticket in like the, oh,
I don't know what the would you do?
My dad traveled around the world when he was in his twenties and
I was like, how did you do it? You know? He's like, oh, you know, we,
I wouldn't talk to my parents for, they have no idea where you are. Right.
I mean, they, you have to just do everything by paper.
You look for bus schedules and you get there. You know,
you go find a hotel when you arrive in the city. Yeah. It's crazy.
How about hitchhikers? Like hitchhikers are the craziest ever.
Like let's just randomly hope this person who's just gonna randomly pick me up.
Is he gonna kill me? Yeah. <laugh> yeah. And then you would read stories.
You'd read stories about this guy,
kidnapped this girl and cut her hair hands off. Like what? God. No.
What the? That's my biggest I'm I'm so afraid of, of that.
Of like, that's always been in my most recent podcast.
I did every once in a while I do story hours where my cousin Maggie interviews
me and I was telling Al about my traveling and she was asking me and it turns
out I have like four new are abduction stories I completely forgot about, but I,
I have this, I have that fear, but it's also been reinforced by, oh.
So when you joined this cult yeah. And they, they, they break you down,
they say, you asked, come back. How what's this accent? Like, what was it.
Like? It was a weird accent because he was from Italy originally. Oh.
And then he, how much of cult was about banging a lot.
<Laugh> but I didn't, I only had one cult boyfriend,
but he encouraged polyamory. And I think my cult boyfriend saved me,
my cult boyfriend. I mean, um, why did he save you? Well, because he was, uh,
he had just come there to kinda recharge.
He was in getting his degree in philosophy and he had occasionally come and he
was a musician and then he left and went to Melbourne.
And then I went back into the city to drop him off and we weren't allowed to
drink or anything. And this is when I was still partying, like, um,
a legend and <laugh>
and I got three bottles of wine and I drank an entire bottle of wine in the
park.
And then my friend came and took me back to the ashram and I was hammered and
I was crying and making a scene and, and he was like, what are you drinking?
And he said, do you have enough for the rest of everyone? So then everyone,
Dr. Then he let everyone drink was weird. Yeah. Then it became like a,
it was a weird thing. You guys started partying. But then I left, I,
I was texting my, I call him SI trust one, boy. I was like,
kept me the outta here. I want a steak. We, it was during the, um,
playoffs and the, I think the Patriots were in.
And so I was breaking into bars up and down, like Byron,
very they to try and see the playoffs. It was wild. That was.
What did they eat?
Oh, so we had to wake up at five and we didn't have,
we had a, it was a wood grill. We had a grill, but we put wood in it.
And that was how we cooked everything, cooked, everything over.
So we had to get his fire started. It was all the, again, um, with some,
like if we got cheese was like a treat and, um,
we would have to get the fire going to even like make coffee or Poage or
anything. And then we'd make lunch right after breakfast was done.
And then there was no dinner, just like whatever was left over from lunch.
Really mm-hmm <affirmative> so it didn't eat for.
And we had to do four hours of work to stay on the Astrom like hard manual
labor. <laugh>.
Four hours a day. Yeah. Just for.
Your room and board in the Bush. In the Australian Bush. Wow.
Like what kind of stuff? Well, there was this Malaysian way of raking.
That was really interesting where we would mow,
but then you'd rake it all into and you'd have to put it in a tarp and take it
all way out of these fields.
And it was like a really interesting way of taking away all the scraps.
We had cold showers,
there were all kinds of bugs and trying to kill me all the time. Um,
it was wild. It was a wild, it was a wild experience.
And God there were so much drama because everybody was swapping partners.
<laugh> like so much drama.
It was supposed to be this place where you go and meditate and get in touch.
And it was like, as the TP turns,
it was just like non <laugh>
nonstop drama with like all the, and he encouraged it and loved it. And that's,
what's weird about these place is they use that to manipulate you and to
staying.
Oh my God. Have you ever talked to Adam ETT about his cult experiences? No.
Yeah. You know, Adam from the comedy store. Mm-hmm <affirmative> he?
He's the creative director, the comedy store.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> mm-hmm <affirmative> he's coming on the podcast soon to
talk. I love Adam. I love Adam too. Yeah.
He's the best he he's he's got a crazy cult background. No way. Yeah.
My friend Todd, who's a great guy. Like not a cult member at all.
It's just super normal guy. He watched the first, uh,
episode of wild wild country. And he was like, this looks great.
<laugh> he was like, they're having so much fun. I go, I know. I know.
But stay with it. <laugh> stay with it. Cuz in the beginning you're like,
oh yeah, like regular life is. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. Like our society is. Yeah.
Wouldn't it be great. We just, well,
all loved each other and we all embraced our fears and understood our, our,
our position in the universe and we're kind to each other and, and, and let go,
let go of all this fear and our, this and what,
what better way to do it than to get a bunch of like-minded people and move to
a, a spot in.
Oregon? Well, that was that in the piece I wrote about it.
I said I had a lot of conflicting feelings because it's amazing how quickly my
bio rhythms adjusted to waking up at five or six, you know,
living just the lack of waste. We had the compostable toilets,
so that poor, the poo became manure, you know, like manure <laugh> um,
this was the same on the weed farms too.
And it's nice to just not feel like you're,
you're creating all that waste because I know that every time I get like a
package from Amazon, I'm like, Ugh, right, this is not sustainable. Right.
It's all waste. It's just